feat: offer page (#691)
plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa: docs/changelog/changelog_en.md

- Updated the PayPal form for credit card information.
- It is possible to disable api caching with query param `noCache=1` for debugging purposes.
- Added Manufacturer and EU Responsible information to product page.

> - Added a page to present offers in the webshop. On this page, offers can also be accepted or rejected directly. If the offer is accepted, an order is created directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new page was added to the webshop for presenting offers. Users can accept or reject offers directly on this page, and upon acceptance, an order is automatically created.
```
